Psalm 116 I love the Lord because he has
Psalm 116 I love the Lord because he has heard my voice and my supplications
heard my voice and my supplications
heard my voice and my supplications because he has inclined his ear to me
because he has inclined his ear to me
because he has inclined his ear to me therefore I will call upon him as long
therefore I will call upon him as long
therefore I will call upon him as long as I live the pains of death surrounded
as I live the pains of death surrounded
as I live the pains of death surrounded me and the pangs of Sheol
me and the pangs of Sheol
me and the pangs of Sheol laid hold of me I found trouble and
laid hold of me I found trouble and
laid hold of me I found trouble and sorrow then I called upon the name of
sorrow then I called upon the name of
sorrow then I called upon the name of the Lord O Lord I implore you deliver my
the Lord O Lord I implore you deliver my
the Lord O Lord I implore you deliver my soul gracious is the Lord and righteous
soul gracious is the Lord and righteous
soul gracious is the Lord and righteous yes our God is merciful Lord preserves
yes our God is merciful Lord preserves
yes our God is merciful Lord preserves the simple I was brought low and he
the simple I was brought low and he
the simple I was brought low and he saved me
saved me
saved me return to your rest o my soul for the
return to your rest o my soul for the
return to your rest o my soul for the Lord has dealt bountifully with you for
Lord has dealt bountifully with you for
Lord has dealt bountifully with you for you have delivered my soul from death my
you have delivered my soul from death my
you have delivered my soul from death my eyes from tears and my feet from falling
eyes from tears and my feet from falling
eyes from tears and my feet from falling I will walk before the Lord in the land
I will walk before the Lord in the land
I will walk before the Lord in the land of the living
of the living
of the living I believed therefore I spoke I am
I believed therefore I spoke I am
I believed therefore I spoke I am greatly afflicted I said in my haste all
greatly afflicted I said in my haste all
greatly afflicted I said in my haste all men are liars what shall i render to the
men are liars what shall i render to the
men are liars what shall i render to the Lord for all his benefits toward me I
Lord for all his benefits toward me I
Lord for all his benefits toward me I will take up the cup of salvation and
will take up the cup of salvation and
will take up the cup of salvation and call upon the name of the Lord I will
call upon the name of the Lord I will
call upon the name of the Lord I will pay my vows to the Lord now in the
pay my vows to the Lord now in the
pay my vows to the Lord now in the presence of all his people precious in
presence of all his people precious in
presence of all his people precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of
the sight of the Lord is the death of
the sight of the Lord is the death of his Saints Oh Lord truly I am your
his Saints Oh Lord truly I am your
his Saints Oh Lord truly I am your servant I am your servant the son of
servant I am your servant the son of
servant I am your servant the son of your maidservant you have loosed my
your maidservant you have loosed my
your maidservant you have loosed my bonds I will offer to you the sacrifice
bonds I will offer to you the sacrifice
bonds I will offer to you the sacrifice of Thanksgiving and will call upon the
of Thanksgiving and will call upon the
of Thanksgiving and will call upon the name of the Lord I will pay my vows to
name of the Lord I will pay my vows to
name of the Lord I will pay my vows to the Lord now in the presence of all his
the Lord now in the presence of all his
the Lord now in the presence of all his people in the courts of the Lord's house
people in the courts of the Lord's house
people in the courts of the Lord's house in the midst of you O Jerusalem praise
in the midst of you O Jerusalem praise
in the midst of you O Jerusalem praise the Lord